Plato Quotes - The Quotations Page
Plato  (427 BC - 347 BC)
Greek author & philosopher in Athens [more author details]
Next Page ->
- We have 2 book reviews related to Plato.
- Read the works of Plato online at The Literature Page
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. Plato
Death is not the worst that can happen to men. Plato
Desires are only the lack of something: and those who have the greatest desires are in a worse condition than those who have none, or very slight ones. Plato - More quotations on: [Desire]
If women are expected to do the same work as men, we must teach them the same things. Plato - More quotations on: [Men And Women]
Ignorance, the root and the stem of every evil. Plato - More quotations on: [Ignorance]
Laws are partly formed for the sake of good men, in order to instruct them how they may live on friendly terms with one another, and partly for the sake of those who refuse to be instructed, whose spirit cannot be subdued, or softened, or hindered from plunging into evil. Plato - More quotations on: [Laws]
Man...is a tame or civilized animal; never the less, he requires proper instruction and a fortunate nature, and then of all animals he becomes the most divine and most civilized; but if he be insufficiently or ill- educated he is the most savage of earthly creatures. Plato
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.  Plato
Never discourage anyone...who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. Plato - More quotations on: [Progress]
No human thing is of serious importance. Plato
Only the dead have seen the end of war. Plato
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men. Plato
There is no such thing as a lover's oath. Plato
They certainly give very strange names to diseases. Plato
Thinking is the talking of the soul with itself. Plato
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. Plato
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. Plato
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. Plato - More quotations on: [Conversation]
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death. Plato, Dialogues, Apology - More quotations on: [Evil]
You cannot conceive the many without the one. Plato, Dialogues, Parmenides
Next Page ->
